Hi, welcome back.
Just a small aside actually,
before we move on to anything else.
I wanted to show you a slightly more efficient way
of creating your menus.
Instead of having all these if statements,
you could just put the user choices
into a dictionary,
where B is assigned to print best books,
the function, not the result.
C to print cheapest books.
And N to get next book.
Once you've got this, you can essentially get rid of
all of these statements here.
Instead of user input equal B,
we can say user input in B, C, N.
So this is going to give us true
if the user input is one of these things.
And if it is, we can just do user choices, user input.
This is going to give us the function
that is associated with the input inside this dictionary,
and we can run that.
It is a much more efficient way of doing the same thing.
Essentially, you get to type less code,
it does the same thing.
Okay, that's it for this video.
Just wanted to show you this because you're going
to be writing menus quite often,
might as well know the best way of doing them.
Now see you on the next video.